Madam, I have a gift to give
The ceremony is not for the New Year or the festival.
What gift do you give?
This is my newly developed aunt towel aunt towel
Looks like paper
Touch like cloth
Pinch like cotton
You've been nagging about aunt towels since the morning
What the hell is this aunt towel?
Bathroom cloth
Poor water absorption
And it's not clean.
This aunt towel not only has strong water absorption ability
And clean and hygienic
I also did wing reinforcement
Don't worry about side leakage when sleeping at night
You go out for a day
I went to study these women's things
But listen to you
This aunt towel is really magical
madam
Would you like to be my guinea pig?
Is the lady ready?
I'm not very good at mustard
Can you help me?